[indistinct chatter]
[panting]
[MAN 11A]
Looks like a woman fell.
[WOMAN 11A] How awful
that it happened on Christmas.
[POLICEMAN 11A]
Whoa, hang on!
[gasps]
♪
[SPIRIT]
Mama.
Mama! No!
[crying]
Please! Don't leave me!
Mama.
Mama!
[crying]
♪
[SPIRIT] I wished I had
done things differently.
I never spoke up.
I wasn't good
at conveying how I felt.
There was a feeling
I couldn't shake.
Like if I said the wrong thing,
maybe I would mess up
whatever little we had.
♪
I'm certain you felt it too.
Mama.
♪
I'm sorry.
Back then...
I should've told you
how I really felt.
I've carried that regret
with me since then.
So, if I can be
honest with you,
I'm a little happy.
Because...
now I have the chance
to make it right.
[wind whooshing]
To say how I feel.
Mama!
[grunts]
You can handle this.
[TZVETA]
Pesha, cut this out.
There's nothing you can do.
[SPIRIT]
No. That's not true.
There's something
that only I can do.
[SPIRIT]
The fragment of memory I saw,
if that really was mama's heart
I saw through
the Heart-Shift Bracelets,
I'm glad.
This is my chance.
I'll show her...
my undying spirit!
♪
Say, Mama.
I'm curious...
do you remember
the promise we made
when I was a little kid?
The wish I was afraid
would never come true.
I'm finally able
to take your hand.
[gasps]
Stay away!
What promise?
I don't remember that!
Pesha and I barely spoke!
Don't try to say
she didn't hate me.
No, not when I was the source
of her misfortune!
We were both
just a little awkward
around each other.
We thought hiding
our emotions was healthy.
Like we could keep each other
safe from our pain.
So, tell me, Mama. Be honest.
I wanna know
how you really feel.
And please,
don't hold anything back.
When I was young,
was I a good kid?
Were you...
What do you mean?
You're perfect.
It was me who...
[LETANA]
Huh. Pesha, are you cold?
I've got something
to help with that!
[TZVETA]
I remember that day
when we were...
[LETANA]
I have a magic spell
that will keep us warm
on cold days like this.
[exhales]
Don't stop now.
-[KUFUFU] Surprise!
-[explosion]
That's not okay!
Quit trying to take her.
'Cause she has me by her side!
-[grunts]
-My precious little Tzveta,
your heart must feel
like it's on fire
as your emotions overtake you.
But pretend it's nothing!
Don't forget, no matter
what else happens,
what kind of world did you
dream of making, again?
♪
[TZVETA]
Yes, right.
The dream I had.
[gasps]
[screams]
[crackling]
[TZVETA]
I have forfeited my life
so that the children
of this world
won't have to know
the same suffering I did!
-[electricity crackling]
-[people screaming]
[rumbling]
♪
[TZVETA] To spread
the safety of this place,
to every corner of this planet.
So much power
coming from her pain.
Mama.
-Huh.
-[SHY] Pepesha,
we can reach her together.
If we're fighting side by side,
no obstacle will be too great!
[chuckles]
-[wind whooshing]
-Huh.
You're right.
It doesn't matter how deep
she's buried in her misery.
[fire roaring]
Or how bad it seems.
-[SHY] We'll rescue her!
-[SPIRIT] We'll rescue her!
[KUFUFU]
Watch out!
-I'm freezing.
-[crackling]
[screaming]
[TZVETA]
It's so cold.
My body doesn't have
the strength left to shiver.
[shattering]
[TZVETA] It doesn't matter!
Nothing does!
[grunts]
[groans]
Don't get any closer!
[TZVETA]
I have one wish.
Is that too much to ask?
Huh.
No!
[TZVETA] I just want this
frozen world to leave me alone.
To disappear.
Mama!
[LETANA]
Who am I fighting for?
I'm looking around me...
and I'm alone.
I don't want
to burden others anymore.
Just let me fade away.
I have no one with me.
I need no one.
It's cold.
[SPIRIT]
That's better.
We're not as cold now!
[LETANA]
Welcome to life.
My precious daughter.
♪
[LETANA]
Pesha.
♪
[SPIRIT]
I'm still with you.
You aren't alone.
♪
[LETANA]
See?
If we huddle
together like this...
We're not as cold now, Mama.
[crackling]
♪
[SPIRIT]
My mama was a type.
She was always stoic and cool.
But there were
some nights she'd laugh
like a cute little kid,
and we'd keep chatting
until we fell asleep.
Those nights.
[wind whooshing]
[clattering]
[NATALIA] What's got
your attention, Pepesha?
Huh.
Hm. That's a photo
of Lenya, huh?
[SPIRIT] [crying]
Did mama...
Did she not want me anymore?
She died alone.
Is that what she wanted?
Now, dear...
what happened to her
was an accident.
Make no mistake, she loved
you more than words can say.
You're wrong.
She must've hated me,
and that's why she's gone now.
Hm.
Here.
These are letters she wrote me.
It wasn't often,
but she'd let us know
how she was doing occasionally.
You mother wasn't good
at letting her walls
down around others.
But very rarely, she'd allow
her emotions to shine through.
Frankly, she was probably
a little bit drunk
when she wrote these.
Lenya was no good
at holding her liquor.
So, I have my doubts that she
could remember writing to us.
That lady was
positively hopeless.
♪
[LETANA]
Pesha, are you cold?
I've got something
to help with that!
I have a magic spell
that will keep us warm
on cold days like this.
-[giggles]
-[LETANA] See?
If we huddle
together like this,
we're not as cold, Pesha.
[giggles]
Mama, you smell like
you've been drinking.
[LETANA]
Huh? You can tell?
Of course, I can!
[laughs] Then maybe
I've had too much.
[SPIRIT]
Yeah, that's right.
When she drank,
she'd laugh like a kid,
and we could talk
to each other.
She'd play around with me
like we were friends,
and we let ourselves act silly.
So, I remember thinking,
"Alcohol is magical."
It has mystic properties
that turn adults
back into kids.
[LETANA]
Say, Pesha.
I know a wonderful place.
The kind of place where
you'll never go hungry,
and every day is full
of happiness and warmth.
Would you wanna go
to a place like that?
Would you be there too, Mama?
No, adults
aren't allowed there.
Huh.
-[LETANA] Well?
-Unh-uh.
[LETANA]
Why not?
I wouldn't be happy
anywhere without you.
Huh.
Is that so?
Your mama feels the same way.
[LETANA] Pesha, after you
become an adult,
let's have a drink
as mother and daughter.
And then we can laugh
the night away,
and have as much fun
as we did today.
That's a promise
from me to you.
I hope you love
your life as an adult,
but until then,
stay a kid for me.
[SPIRIT]
Mama.
-Huh.
-Oh, of course.
[NATALIA] She sent
this with the caption,
"This is my dream."
It's the future she wanted,
where the two of you
are full of happiness,
and even more full
of delicious food and love.
See what I mean?
She wants you to smile.
[SPIRIT]
Uh-uh look.
Huh?
It's not because I'm full.
[sobbing]
I'm not smiling
because I don't feel
hungry anymore.
I'm smiling
because mama's there.
[crying]
I should've said...
I didn't care if we had food.
I'll never be able
to let her know.
I still loved her
no matter what we had.
[sobbing]
[SPIRIT]
My life changed after that day.
But some things inside me
will never change.
You're still there,
and the love
you gave me is too.
But your love was more
than I could keep to myself.
So, I wanted to spread it
around the world.
Before long,
people called me a Hero.
But the source
of my love hasn't changed.
Regardless of what
life throws at me,
it's always been you.
It always will be.
[SPIRIT]
Do you understand?
I hope I was clear.
These are the feelings
I've always wanted
to share with you.
I guess there's
one more thing to say.
Though I've never been
good at this part.
But please, give me a chance
to say it anyway.
I love you.
Mama.
[crackling]
[LETANA]
Shy.
♪
[clinking]
After all this time,
your feelings reached me.
Mama.
[TZVETA]
I'm sorry, Pesha.
I haven't been myself.
The sky's back.
-[KUFUFU] Ook, ook?
-Huh?
[cymbals clang]
[KUFUFU]
Ook, ook ook!
[TZVETA]
I know it's too late, sweetie,
-but I have something to say--
-[KUFUFU] Tzveta, wait!
♪
-[gasps]
-[KUFUFU] It's not over yet!
You can't give up so easily!
I've still got a whole buncha'
contraptions up my sleeves!
-[TZVETA] It's okay now.
-Huh?
[TZVETA]
The fighting's over.
I'm ready
for this dream to end.
Not yet!
If you let
your dream fade away,
you'll disappear, too!
Huh?
And I accept that.
We can't stay here.
Go make your way back to him.
It's time to say goodbye.
[crying]
I'll do that.
But still, I won't say
goodbye to you.
♪
[wind whooshing]
Hold on.
What she said, is it true?
This space was my heart
and everything
encompassed therein.
When you look
at the person before you,
you're looking at a mere image
made from that heart.
So, after it's gone,
my body will also disappear.
But why? Why can't you stay?
After all these years,
we're finally together!
You know, because of you two,
I woke up from a nightmare
that seemed like
it would go on forever.
So please, there's something
you need to know.
Huh.
The person who created us,
the child you refer
to as Stigma?
I know his power.
He can make other people's
dreams come true.
But how can he do that?
Simple.
He can look into others' hearts
and see what
they want the most.
Then his power gives form
to that desire.
It was because of his power
that we were reunited.
It manifested me here.
He knew
your dearest wish of all
was to see me again.
And he took advantage,
making a twisted version of me
meant to harm you.
[SPIRIT]
He took it from me?
So, he used his power
to make Pepesha's
dream a reality?
If he does that so easily,
then what's the endgame that
Stigma's trying to bring about?
That ability of his has
limitless possibilities.
It does.
And he wants to use it
to make a world without adults.
A world made only for children.
I followed him,
because I wanted the same.
Of course,
there are restrictions.
He can't make
his own dreams come true.
His powers are meaningless
when he's on his own.
And so...he created
a group of friends.
That's where we come in,
Amarariruku.
To start, he gave us
unique powers
derived from what he saw
inside our hearts.
We wanted to fight you,
but we needed equal footing.
[shatters]
Unfortunately,
that's all I know.
I wonder,
what does he plan to do
after he's taken this world
and transfigured it
to fit his vision?
That said,
one thing's for certain,
his goal is to destroy
this world.
As he warps one dream
after another.
So please, I'm begging you.
You have to stop them!
They can't win!
Stigma can't take this world!
This whole time,
I didn't notice.
The fact that he warped
my heart past recognition,
or the fact that I couldn't see
others around me.
I was only looking at myself.
Struggling.
Hm.
[TZVETA] Excuse me,
please tell me your name again.
Huh. Oh, I'm Teru.
Teru Momijiyama.
Teru, dear, try to relax.
You look so nervous.
You know, your demeanor belies
the strength of your heart.
I'm impressed.
You're such a gentle soul.
After all, without you,
I would have never reunited
with my daughter.
It was your kindness
that made it all possible.
So, thank you, Teru.
Oh! It was nothing.
Listen, Pesha,
I want you to become
a guiding light.
So go to the children,
and guide them.
Teach what you believe.
I've realized,
of all the things we can give,
that's the best thing we adults
can offer to the future.
Yeah.
I believe in you.
Now, I leave
this world's safety to you.
Make me proud, Heroes.
-Right!
Huh. No.
Mama, wait.
It's all right.
I have sinned,
and even if my crimes
were through Stigma's will,
I still acted on it.
I'm responsible for the damage
that I did to you two.
But hey, it's okay.
If you still call me mama
after everything,
I haven't failed.
So dear, I have one final
wish to ask of you.
Huh?
[clinking]
This has been a long-standing
dream of mine.
To drink with my daughter
when she's all grown up...
and see the incredible
woman she's become.
♪
[exhales]
You sure took your time, then.
Huh?
[both laughing]
[TZVETA] Pesha, have you been
making sure to eat enough?
[SPIRIT]
Huh? Of course, I have.
How do you think
I hold my liquor?
Sure. I get it.
Make sure to take care
and stay healthy,
and pay attention
to your liver!
Hm.
Right.
[TZVETA]
You know, now that
we're finally
talking like this,
I'm a little bit embarrassed.
[SPIRIT] I thought
the exact same thing.
[TZVETA]
Is it hard to be a Hero?
Hm.
It has its ups and downs,
but I think
it's really wonderful
that I'm allowed to connect
with people by rescuing them.
It makes me happy to give
someone a helping hand.
I'm pretty sure I picked up
that trait from you, Mama.
Huh, you think so?
[gulping]
[TZVETA]
Pesha, thank you.
Huh? What for?
For being born,
and all that's come after.
I'm proud of you.
You're more than any mother
could expect of her kid.
Mama.
You're alive,
and you seem happy.
If nothing else, that alone
is enough for me.
If my life amounted
to you being here,
then it was worth something.
[SPIRIT]
Yeah.
[TZVETA]
This is long overdue.
I should've said it more to you
when I had the chance.
No matter what,
don't forget this.
[SPIRIT]
What?
♪
I love you, dear. So much.
[chuckles] More than
anything else, I love you.
♪
Hm.
Yeah.
♪
I love you, too.
How are you feeling?
-[sighs] It's so cruel.
-Huh?
Like c'mon.
I already had to say
goodbye to her once,
but wouldn't you know it?
It's just as hard.
As she neared the end,
I thought she had a look
of real happiness on her face.
Maybe because she finally
expressed her feelings,
and she knew you'd pass them
on to the future.
Which is why,
I'm sure that we need
to keep on moving forward!
[chuckles]
[SPIRIT]
You're right.
It's okay to let it
stay with us.
We'll just carry this, too.
[clattering]
Hm.
Huh.
[gasps]
-Check it out!
-Huh?
What's up?